Added readme for RssReader (#303)
microsoft/react-native-windows-samples: samples/rssreader/README.md

# rssreader - React Native for Windows

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-windows-samples/actions?query=workflow%3A%22RssReader+CI%22">
    <img src="https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-windows-samples/workflows/RssReader%20CI/badge.svg" alt="RssReader CI Status" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-windows-samples/actions?query=workflow%3A%22RssReader+CI+%28Upgrade%29%22">
    <img src="https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-windows-samples/workflows/RssReader%20CI%20(Upgrade)/badge.svg" alt="RssReader CI (Upgrade) Status" />
  </a>
</p>

> This sample showcases the usage of React Native for Windows to build a rssreader.	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample showcases the usage of React Native for Windows to build a [RSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSS) reader.	
```
